[Docs] Document (non-)custodial staking (#720)
pokt-network/poktroll: docusaurus/docs/operate/configs/supplier_staking_config.md

> - [Reference Example](#reference-example)

Reviewer: ```mermaid
flowchart TD

    AWF(["Account with funds <br> owner_address"])
    ISC{Is custodial?}
    US[Unstake]

    AWF -- stake --> ISC
    ISC -- yes --> CS
    ISC -- no --> NCS

    subgraph CS[Custodial Staking]
        direction LR
        subgraph S1[Supplier]
            OW1["address: owner_address"]
        end
        subgraph RM1[RelayMiner]
            OW2["address: owner_address"]
        end
        S1 --- RM1
    end

    subgraph NCS[Non Custodial Staking]
        direction LR
        subgraph S2[Supplier]
            OW21["address: owner_address"]
        end
        subgraph RM2[RelayMiner]
            OP22["address: operator_address"]
        end
        S2 -.- RM2
    end

    CS ---> |owner_address| US
    NCS  ---> |owner_address or operator_address| US

    US -- funds --> OWA{{owner_address}}
    US -- remove on-chain record --> OPA{{owner_address or operator_address}}

    classDef owner fill:#f9f,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;
    classDef operator fill:#d04a36,stroke:#333,stroke-width:2px;

    class OW1,OW2,OW21,AWF owner
    class OP22 operator
    ```

  --node tcp://poktroll-node:26657
```

## Staking types

The `Supplier` staking command supports two types of staking:

### Custodial Staking

> In this type, the owner of the `Supplier` is the same as the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The owner of the `Supplier` is the same as the operator.
```

This means the account that receives the rewards is the same as the one that
signs the `RelayResponse`s and submits claims and proofs.

Custodial staking is the simplest to set up and manage, as there is no need to
manage multiple accounts. It is suitable for `Supplier`s that do not have concerns
about using the private key of the staking or the rewarded account to operate the
`RelayMiner` or update the `Supplier`'s stake and services.

### Non-Custodial Staking

> In this staking mode, the owner of the `Supplier` is different from the operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The owner of the `Supplier` is different from the operator.
```

This address can only be used to stake a new `Supplier` or unstake an existing one.

The `owner_address` can only be changed with a stake message signed by the owner
account corresponding to the `operator_address` of the `Supplier`.

The owner account can also be used to unstake the `Supplier` and receive the staked
`upokt` back.

:::note

The `owner_address` does not identify a `Supplier`; multiple `Supplier`s can have
the same `owner_address`.

:::

### `operator_address`

_`Optional`_, _`Non-empty`_

```yaml
operator_address: <address>
```

The `operator_address` is the address that identifies the `Supplier`.
Its corresponding account is used for operational tasks such as signing `RelayResponse`s,
submitting `Claims` and `Proofs` as well as updating the `Supplier`'s info
(i.e. Adding or removing services, increasing the stake amount, etc).

The operator account can also be used to unstake the `Supplier` and send the staked
`upokt` back to the `owner_address`.

If the `operator_address` is not specified, the `owner_address` is used as the
`operator_address`.

If the `operator_address` is the same as the `owner_address`, then the staking

> is custodial.

Reviewer: Wdyt of creating a mermaid diagram for this?

I"d suggest putting this into chatgpt and telling it what kind of mermaid diagram you want.

It won't do it, but it'll get you started.

Author: I don't think there's enough info to put on a diagram. What do you imagine worth describing in a diagram?

Reviewer: Let's leave as is. Always room to add in the future.

owner_address: <address>
```

The `owner_address` is the address of the account that owns the `Supplier`s staked
funds, which will be returned to this account when the `Supplier` unstakes and finishes
unbonding.

For custodial staking, the `owner_address` is the same as the `operator_address`.

For non-custodial staking, the `owner_address` MUST be different from the `operator_address`.
This address receives the staked `upokt` when the `Supplier` is unstaked and finished unbonding.

The `owner_address` can only be changed with a stake message signed by the
`Supplier`'s owner account.

It is also used as the unique shareholder address for the `Supplier`
if none of `default_rev_share_percent` or `rev_share_percent` is defined in the
configuration file.

:::note

The `owner_address` does not identify a `Supplier`; multiple `Supplier`s can have
the same `owner_address`.

:::

### `operator_address`

_`Optional`_

```yaml
operator_address: <address>
```

The `operator_address` is the address that identifies the `Supplier`.
Its corresponding account is used for operational tasks such as signing `RelayResponse`s,
submitting `Claims` and `Proofs` as well as updating the `Supplier`'s info

> (i.e. Adding or removing services, increasing the stake amount, etc).

Reviewer 2: I agree with coderabbit

```suggestion
(i.e. Adding or removing services, increasing the stake amount, etc.)
```

  --node tcp://poktroll-node:26657
```

## Staking types

The `Supplier` staking command supports two types of staking:

### Custodial Staking

The owner of the `Supplier` is the same as the operator.
This means the account that receives the rewards is the same as the one that
signs the `RelayResponse`s and submits claims and proofs.

Custodial staking is the simplest to set up and manage, as there is no need to
manage multiple accounts. It is suitable for `Supplier`s that do not have concerns
about using the private key of the staking or the rewarded account to operate the
`RelayMiner` or update the `Supplier`'s stake and services.

### Non-Custodial Staking

The owner of the `Supplier` is different from the operator.
This means the account that receives the rewards is different from the one signing
the `RelayResponse`s and submitting claims and proofs.

> Non-custodial staking is suitable for `Supplier`s that want to separate the staking
> or the rewarded account (i.e., the account that holds the `upokt` stake or rewards)
> from the account operates the `RelayMiner`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Non-custodial staking is suitable for `Supplier`s that want to separate the `RelayMiner`
staking operations from the account that has custody over the staked funds, and in turn,
the rewards being earned.
```

:::note

When staking a `Supplier`, the signing account specified with the `--from` flag
(which may differ from the `Supplier`'s owner or operator) will have its `upokt`
balance deducted to stake the `Supplier`.

When unstaking a `Supplier`, the staked `upokt` will be returned to the `owner_address`
account.

:::

## Configuration

> ### `owner_address`

Reviewer 2: It's not clear to me how "Non-empty" is different from "Required".

Author: Since this is neither a map nor a list, there's no difference.

Will remove the `Non-Empty` mention

owner_address: <address>
```

The `owner_address` is the address of the account that owns the `Supplier`s staked
funds, which will be returned to this account when the `Supplier` unstakes and finishes
unbonding.

For custodial staking, the `owner_address` is the same as the `operator_address`.

For non-custodial staking, the `owner_address` must be different from the `operator_address`.

> This address receives back the staked `upokt` when the `Supplier` is unstaked.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This address receives the staked `upokt` when the `Supplier` is unstaked and finished unbonding.
```

The `owner_address` can only be changed with a stake message signed by the
`Supplier`'s owner account.

It is also used as the unique shareholder address for the `Supplier`
if none of `default_rev_share_percent` or `rev_share_percent` is defined in the
configuration file.

:::note

The `owner_address` does not identify a `Supplier`; multiple `Supplier`s can have
the same `owner_address`.

:::

### `operator_address`

> _`Optional`_, _`Non-empty`_

Reviewer 2: What does "Non-empty" mean and how can not be mutually exclusive with "Optional"?

Author: I'm realizing they are are mutually exclusive. Since omitting `operator_address` or having an empty string yields the same effect.

```yaml
operator_address: <address>
```

The `operator_address` is the address that identifies the `Supplier`.
Its corresponding account is used for operational tasks such as signing `RelayResponse`s,
submitting `Claims` and `Proofs` as well as updating the `Supplier`'s info
(i.e. Adding or removing services, increasing the stake amount, etc).

> The operator account can also be used to unstake the `Supplier` and send the staked
> `upokt` back to the `owner_address`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The operator account can also be used to unstake the `Supplier`, which will cause 
the staked `upokt` to be sent to the `owner_address` after unbonding finishes.
```

> If the `operator_address` is not specified, the `owner_address` is used as the

Reviewer 2: Does "not specified" mean that the field is not present, that it is an empty string, or either?

Author: An omitted `operator_address` results in an empty string when parsed. So it's either.

Will update it.
